README.md, before:

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/AJLbnwu.jpg" width="400" height="400" />
# scv
Erlang /w Elixir, automated distributed build system.

### Point
SCV was made to give you a true interactive coding experience.  
Anytime you save a file, all the changes you made get hotloaded into your local and all remote nodes.  

### Installation
run the Makefile to build the inotify NIF.

### Usage
```erlang
scv:start().  %Default arguments

scv:start(#{
  source_paths => ["./src", "./lib"],
  beam_path => "./ebin",
  remote_compile => true,
  remote_nodes => [],
}).
```

### Known bugs
any recorddef - Files using the record def need to be recompiled also  
C NIFS - on_load fails as C NIF paths are often wrong.  

Makefile - assumes your erlang include path is /usr/lib/erlang/usr/include/.  
inotify.c add_watch - does not accept a utf-8 binary yet because I am lazy. (it returns a utf-8 binary)  
inotify.c read - the cookie is returned as an int, should be uint. I am not sure how to return a uint/int64.  
scv.erl - not all start options are working yet.

### Note

SCV uses inotify so it will only work on linux for now.  
You are free to push another backend such as fsevents for OSX.  
  
SCV is not fully tested yet, this will be removed when it has.  
  
SCV is not meant to be 99.9999% stable as it is a development tool.  
SCV is not meant to be used in production.

Commit message:

Update project status
Update project status

README.md, after:

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/AJLbnwu.jpg" width="400" height="400" />
# scv
Erlang /w Elixir, automated distributed build system.

### Status
SCV is currently deprecated infavor of rebar3_auto.  
For Elixir since 1.3.0 recompile works correctly now without killing the running app. Thus deprecating SCV for Elixir.  

### Point
SCV was made to give you a true interactive coding experience.  
Anytime you save a file, all the changes you made get hotloaded into your local and all remote nodes.  

### Installation
run the Makefile to build the inotify NIF.

### Usage
```erlang
scv:start().  %Default arguments

scv:start(#{
  source_paths => ["./src", "./lib"],
  beam_path => "./ebin",
  remote_compile => true,
  remote_nodes => [],
}).
```

### Known bugs
any recorddef - Files using the record def need to be recompiled also  
C NIFS - on_load fails as C NIF paths are often wrong.  

Makefile - assumes your erlang include path is /usr/lib/erlang/usr/include/.  
inotify.c add_watch - does not accept a utf-8 binary yet because I am lazy. (it returns a utf-8 binary)  
inotify.c read - the cookie is returned as an int, should be uint. I am not sure how to return a uint/int64.  
scv.erl - not all start options are working yet.

### Note

SCV uses inotify so it will only work on linux for now.  
You are free to push another backend such as fsevents for OSX.  
  
SCV is not fully tested yet, this will be removed when it has.  
  
SCV is not meant to be 99.9999% stable as it is a development tool.  
SCV is not meant to be used in production.
